123 Flash Menu Version 2.6 End-User License Agreement
Copyright (c) 2003-2007 Dreamingsoft, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
Installing and using this Software signifies acceptance of these terms and
conditions of the license. If you do not agree with the terms of this license,
you must remove this Software from your storage devices and cease to use this
product.

The Software is protected by copyright laws and international copyright
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The
Software is licensed, not sold and always remains the property of
Dreamingsoft, Inc.


DEFINITIONS
For the purpose of this Agreement, "Software" shall mean the software
identified above, including but not limited to any updates, modifications,
revisions, copies, and associated documentation provided by Dreamingsoft, Inc.


GRANT OF LICENSE
Evaluation Terms and Conditions
You may use this Software solely for evaluation purposes without charge for a
period of thirty (30) uses. You are free to distribute exact copies of the
Software to anyone. You are prohibited from selling, or requesting donations,
for any copies of the Software you distribute. You must include a copy of this
license with any copy of the Software. You may not remove or alter any
identification, proprietary notice, label, or trademarks which appear on or in
the Software. Continued use of the Software after the thirty (30) uses
evaluation period requires purchase of a full license. For more information
about payment methods, please see ORDER.TXT, included with the Software.

Full License Terms and Conditions
Once registered, you are granted a non-exclusive license to use the Software
on one or more computers, or allow multiple persons to nonsimultaneously use
the Software on a single computer, but not both. This is not a concurrent use
license. If the Software is installed on a network server and accessed by
multiple workstations, you must purchase a license for each computer on which
the Software is used. You may not provide third parties access to the Software
in connection with a service bureau, application service provider, or similar
business. The registered Software may not be rented or leased but may be
permanently transferred, if the person receiving it agrees to terms of this
license. If the software is an update, the transfer must include the update
and all previous versions.

You are allowed to create as many menus as you wish, and using them on your 
web sites, eBooks, Flash applications, etc. However, you are not allowed to 
resell the outputting menus directly, for example, through an online menu 
templates gallery.

All rights of any kind in the Software which are not expressly granted in this
license are entirely and exclusively reserved to and by Dreamingsoft, Inc.


RESTRICTIONS
THE SOFTWARE CANNOT BE MODIFIED. YOU MAY NOT DECOMPILE, DISASSEMBLE OR
OTHERWISE ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THE SOURCE CODE OF THE SOFTWARE; EXCEPT AND ONLY
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED APPLICABLE LAW NOTWITHSTANDING THIS LIMITATION.

The information contained in the Software is confidential and proprietary to
Dreamingsoft, Inc., and Dreamingsoft, Inc. retain title to all copyright,
patent, trademark, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights embodied in or
related to the Software.


TERMINATION
Failure to comply with any provision provided in this Agreement or the use of
the Software in a way not authorized or permitted under this Agreement will
result in an automatic termination of this license.

Dreamingsoft, Inc. may, at its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement, the
license granted herein, and your right to use or access the Software at any
time.

On termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software.


UPGRADES, MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT
During the term of this Agreement, Dreamingsoft, Inc. is under no obligation
to provide upgrades, maintenance, or installation for the Software.
Dreamingsoft, Inc. may provide support for the Software as governed by the
documentation, and other Dreamingsoft, Inc. materials related to and included
with the Software. Dreamingsoft, Inc. reserves the right to revoke or modify
support provided for the Software at any time, for any or no reason.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. DREAMINGSOFT, INC. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT IT WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE.

NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS A WARRANTY OR A REPRESENTATION
BY DREAMINGSOFT, INC. THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF THE
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY. DREAMINGSOFT, INC. HEREBY
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY ARISING AS
A RESULT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM OR SUIT ALLEGING THAT THE
DISTRIBUTION OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE INFRINGES THE RIGHT OF ANY THIRD PARTY.

IN NO EVENT WILL DREAMINGSOFT, INC. BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF DATA, COSTS OF
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT
DREAMINGSOFT, INC. HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THIS
LIMITATION WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY
LIMITED REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN. IN ANY EVENT, DREAMINGSOFT, INC.'S LIABILITY
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE TERMINATION THEREOF, AND/OR THE PROVISION
OF GOODS OR SERVICES HEREUNDER WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF U.S. $1.00 OR
THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.
